.\" 3.2
.\"  /*******************************************************************\
.\"   * Copyright (C) 1995 Lars J Aas <larsa@colargol.stud.idb.hist.no> *
.\"   * based on documentation by C J Needham <col@imdb.com> 1995,      *
.\"   * permission is granted by the authors to freely distribute       *
.\"   *                        providing no fee of any kind is charged. *
.\"  \*******************************************************************/
.\"
.TH LGUIDE 1 "RELEASEDATE" " " "The Internet Movie Database vVERSIONNUMBER"
.SH NAME
lguide \- guide you through a list of movies.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B
lguide -f <filename> [<options>]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This program works like
.B title
except that it takes a list of titles from a file and searches for
information on each one. I find lguide really useful for
generating a little movie guide to accompany the TV schedules for the local 
movie channels. To use the program simply type the titles into a file, one on 
each line and enter:
.br
lguide -f <filename>
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-yr
Adds year of release information.
.TP
.B \-mrr
Adds movie ratings report information.
.TP
.B \-pl
Adds plot summary and formats results.
.TP
.B \-trivia
Add movie trivia, crazy credits, goofs, quotes, soundtrack information,
certificates, color information, countries, genres, production companies
and sound mix.
.TP
.B \-chr
Add character names.
.TP
.B \-aka
Lists any alternative titles.
.TP
.B \-full
Combines all above options.
.SH EVEN MORE OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-i
Case sensitive search.
.SH EXAMPLES
If you have read the manpages for
.BR list (1)
and
.BR title (1)
you don't need any examples.  If you haven't, do it now.
