.\" 3.2
.\"  /*******************************************************************\
.\"   * Copyright (C) 1995 Lars J Aas <larsa@colargol.stud.idb.hist.no> *
.\"   * based on documentation by C J Needham <col@imdb.com> 1995,      *
.\"   * permission is granted by the authors to freely distribute       *
.\"   *                        providing no fee of any kind is charged. *
.\"  \*******************************************************************/
.\"
.TH LISTALL 1 "RELEASEDATE" " " "The Internet Movie Database vVERSIONNUMBER"
.SH NAME
listall \- for all persons involved in a movie, list all the movies they have been involved with.
.SH SYNOPSYS
.B
listall -t "title" [<options>]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B listall
takes a movie title as an argument and for each person involved in 
that movie, lists all the other movies they have worked in.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-yr
Add year of release to titles and sort chronologically.
.TP
.B \-yru
Add year of release, but leave in alphabetical order.
.TP
.B \-mrr
Add movie ratings report information.
.TP
.B \-smrr
Add movie ratings report and sort by average ratings.
.TP
.B \-vmrr
Add movie ratings report and sort by votes.
.TP
.B \-chr
Add character names where available.
.TP
.B \-bio
Add any biography data.
.TP
.B \-aka
Add any alternative titles (and check if title is an aka title).
.TP
.B \-full
Combine
.BR \-aka ,
.BR \-bio ,
.B \-chr
and
.BR \-yr .
.TP
.B \-i
Case sensitive search.
.TP
.B \-m
Restrict search to movies only.
.SH EXAMPLE
listall -t "Abyss, The" -full
