.\" 3.2
.\"  /*******************************************************************\
.\"   * Copyright (C) 1995 Lars J Aas <larsa@colargol.stud.idb.hist.no> *
.\"   * based on documentation by C J Needham <col@imdb.com> 1995,      *
.\"   * permission is granted by the authors to freely distribute       *
.\"   *                        providing no fee of any kind is charged. *
.\"  \*******************************************************************/
.\"
.TH LTRACE 1 "RELEASEDATE" " " "The Internet Movie Database vVERSIONNUMBER"
.SH NAME
ltrace \- display information about all movies a person has worked on.
.SH SYNOPSYS
.B
ltrace <searchmode> "name" [options]
.PP
The options are similar to those for
.BR list (1).
.SH DESCRIPTION
This program displays all the information about each of the movies that someone
has worked on.
.SH SEARCHMODES
.TP
.B \-acr <name>
Search for actor.
.TP
.B \-acs <name>
Search for actress.
.TP
.B \-cast <name>
Search both cast lists.
.TP
.B \-dir <name>
Search for director.
.TP
.B \-write <name>
Search for writer.
.TP
.B \-comp <name>
Search for composer.
.TP
.B \-cine <name>
Search for cinematographer.
.TP
.B \-edit <name>
Search for editor.
.TP
.B \-prodes <name>
Search for production designer.
.TP
.B \-costdes <name>
Search for costume designer.
.TP
.B \-prdcr <name>
Search for producer.
.TP
.B \-misc <name>
Search miscellaneous database.
.TP
.B \-name <name>
Search all filmography databases.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-yr
Adds year of release information.
.TP
.B \-mrr
Adds movie ratings report information.
.TP
.B \-pl
Add plot summary.
.TP
.B \-triv
Add movie trivia and formats results.
.TP
.B \-chr
Add character names.
.TP
.B \-aka
List any alternative titles.
.TP
.B \-full
Combines all the options above in this section.
.SH EVEN MORE OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-m
Movies only, ignore TV-series.
.TP
.B \-i
Case insensitive search.
.SH EXAMPLE
This is a good one:
.PP
ltrace -d "Hitchcock, Alfred" -full
