.\" 3.2
.\"  /*******************************************************************\
.\"   * Copyright (C) 1995 Lars J Aas <larsa@colargol.stud.idb.hist.no> *
.\"   * based on documentation by C J Needham <col@imdb.com> 1995,      *
.\"   * permission is granted by the authors to freely distribute       *
.\"   *                        providing no fee of any kind is charged. *
.\"  \*******************************************************************/
.\"
.TH TITLE 1 "RELEASEDATE" " " "The Internet Movie Database vVERSIONNUMBER"
.SH NAME
title \- generates information about a specific movie\-title.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B
title \-t "title" <output\-options> [\-t "title" <output\-options>] <misc options>
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B title
program searches the database for all the information relating
to a specific title. The basic option is
.B
-t "title"
which specifies the movie to search for.
.SH OPTIONS
Options are divided into two groups:
.B output-options
and
.BR "miscellaneous options" .
.SS OUTPUT-OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-aka
Add any alternative titles.  ("aka" means Also Known As)
.TP
.B \-mrr
Add movie ratings report data.
.TP
.B \-yr
Add year of release and any title attributes.
.TP
.B \-pl
Add plot summary.
.TP
.B \-chr
Add character names to cast lists.
.TP
.B \-trivia
Add movie trivia, crazy credits, goofs, quotes, soundtrack information,
certificates, color information, countries, genres, production companies,
running times and sound mix.
.TP
.B \-full
Combines all of the above options.
.SS EXAMPLES ON OUTPUT-OPTIONS
.TP
List all information for "2001: A Space Odyssey"
.B
title \-t "2001: A Space Odyssey" \-full
.TP
List details of both the 1962 and 1991 version of "Cape Fear"
.B
title \-t "Cape Fear"
.TP
List details for only the 1991 version of "Cape Fear"
.B
title \-t "Cape Fear (1991)"
.SS MISCELLANEOUS OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-i
Case sensitive search: normally searches are not case sensitive.
.TP
.B \-s
Substring: match on substring rather than whole title.
.SS EXAMPLES ON MISCELLANEOUS OPTIONS
title -t "Thin Man" -full -s
.SH Multiple Title Searches
Any number of
.B \-t
options may be combined in the same query to generate a 
list of people that worked on each and every one of the movies.
.SS EXAMPLES ON Multiple Title Searches
title -t "Ghostbusters" -t "Ghostbusters II"
