.\" 3.2
.\"  /*******************************************************************\
.\"   * Copyright (C) 1995 Lars J Aas <larsa@colargol.stud.idb.hist.no> *
.\"   * based on documentation by C J Needham <col@imdb.com> 1995,      *
.\"   * permission is granted by the authors to freely distribute       *
.\"   *                        providing no fee of any kind is charged. *
.\"  \*******************************************************************/
.\"
.TH ALIST 1 "10th August 1995" " " "The Internet Movie Database v3.2d"
.SH NAME
alist \- search the attribute fields of all the databases in the movie database.
.SH SYNOPSYS
.B
alist [options]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This program searches the attribute fields of all the databases. Examples
of the kind of queries you can construct include:
.PP
.TP
* search for details of all best actor academy award winners
.TP
* search for all movies nominated for best picture
.TP
* search for all movies narrated by a particular person
.TP
* search for all plays by a particular writer that have been filmed
.SH DATABASE OPTIONS
The program can be run in title-mode and in name-mode.
For title-mode just use:
.TP
.B \-title
.PP
In name-mode,
.B one
of the following options can be used:
.TP
.B \-acr
actors database
.TP
.B \-acs
actresses database
.TP
.B \-cast
both cast databases
.TP
.B \-dir
directors database
.TP
.B \-write
writers database
.TP
.B \-comp
composers database
.TP
.B \-cine
cinematographers database
.TP
.B \-edit
editors database
.TP
.B \-prodes
production designers database
.TP
.B \-costdes
costume designers database
.TP
.B \-prdcr
producers database
.TP
.B \-misc
miscellaneous database
.SH SEARCH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-aa
academy award winners
.TP
.B \-aan
academy award nominees
.TP
.B \-gg
golden globe winners
.TP
.B \-ggn
golden globe nominees
.TP
.B \-attr <pattern>
values matching
.B <pattern>
.PP
These options can be used to limit the search in various ways:
.TP
.B \-m
Restrict search to movies only.
.TP
.B \-yrfrom <yr>
Restrict search to titles released during or after
.B <yr>
.TP
.B \-yrto <yr>
Restrict search to titles released before
.B <yr>
.TP
.B \-yreq <yr>
Restrict search to titles released in
.B <yr>
.SH MISCELLANEOUS OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-s
Substring: allow partial matches with
.BR \-attr .
.TP
.B \-i
Become case sensitive in
.B \-attr
searches.
.TP
.B \-yr
Adds year of release to titles and group results by year.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Search directors database for academy award winners/nominees and sort by year.
.B
alist \-dir \-aa \-aan \-yr
.TP
Search for best picture academy award winners/nominees and sort by year.
.B
alist \-title \-aa \-aan \-yr
.TP
Lists all best director oscar winners of the 1940s by year.
.B
alist \-aa \-dir \-yr \-yrfrom 1940 \-yrto 1949
.\" 3.2
.SH FILES
*.list
.br
/home/cn/listdb/versions/v3.3a/moviedb-3.3/dbs/*.data
.br
/home/cn/listdb/versions/v3.3a/moviedb-3.3/dbs/*.names
.br
/home/cn/listdb/versions/v3.3a/moviedb-3.3/dbs/*.index
.br
/home/cn/listdb/versions/v3.3a/moviedb-3.3/dbs/*.key
.br
/home/cn/listdb/versions/v3.3a/moviedb-3.3/dbs/*.titles
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR list (1),
.BR title (1),
.BR listall (1),
.BR lguide (1),
.BR ltrace (1),
.BR lindex (1),
.BR alist (1), 
.BR mkballot (1),
.BR lformat (1)
and
.BR lseen (1).
.SH BUGS
They are features!
.SH AUTHORS
.SS PROGRAMMERS
.PP
Colin Needham                           <col@imdb.com>
.rj 1
.B most of the programming
.PP
Philippe Queinnec                       <queinnec@dgac.fr>
.rj 1
.B Makefiles
.PP
Lars J Aas               <larsa@colargol.stud.idb.hist.no>
.rj 1
.B some usage-logging code
.PP
Timo Lamminjoki                 <lamminjo@pcu.helsinki.fi>
.rj 1
.B compressed database support
.PP
Mark Harding                            <ccsmh@bath.ac.uk>
.rj 1
.B text justification routines
.SS LIST MAINTAINERS
.PP
Lars J Aas               <larsa@colargol.stud.idb.hist.no>
.rj 2
.B Genres
.B Quotes
.PP
Andre Bernhardt                 <ujad@rz.uni-karlsruhe.de>
.rj 1
.B Producers
.PP
Murray Chapman                        <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au>
.rj 1
.B Trivia
.PP
Michel Hafner                        <hafner@ifi.unizh.ch>
.rj 5
.B Alternative Names
.B Alternative Titles
.B Cinematographers
.B Composers
.B Movies
.PP
Mark Harding                            <ccsmh@bath.ac.uk>
.rj 8
.B Biographies
.B Certificates
.B Color Information
.B Countries
.B Crazy Credits
.B Release Dates
.B Running Times
.B Sound Mix
.PP
Robert Hartill                         <movie@cm.cf.ac.uk>
.rj 3
.B Locations
.B Production Companies
.B Tag Lines
.PP
Ron Higgins                     <rhiggins@carroll1.cc.edu>
.rj 1
.B Soundtracks
.PP
Harald Mayr                       <marvin@bike.augusta.de>
.rj 3
.B Costume Designers
.B Editors
.B Production Designers
.PP
Col Needham                             <col@imdb.com>
.rj 8
.B Actors
.B Actresses
.B Cast Completion
.B Directors
.B Goofs
.B Misc. Filmography
.B Movie Links
.B Ratings
.PP
Joachim Polzer                 <polzer@zedat.fu-berlin.de>
.rj 2
.B Literature
.B Technical Info
.PP
Jon Reeves                            <reeves@zk3.dec.com>
.rj 1
.B Writers
.PP
Colin Tinto                          <colint@spider.co.uk>
.rj 1
.B Plot Summaries
.SS CONTRIBUTORS
.PP
Lars J Aas               <larsa@colargol.stud.idb.hist.no>
.rj 1
.B UNIX manpages
.PP
Teemu Antti-Poika                <anttipoi@cc.helsinki.fi>
.rj 1
.B LaTeX documentation
.PP
Robert Hartill                         <movie@cm.cf.ac.uk>
.rj 1
.B the script lfetch is based on
.PP
Philippe Queinnec                   <queinnec@enseeiht.fr>
.rj 1
.B imoviedb package (distributed separately)
.PP
 ...and last but not least all of you who send us information either directly
or via the email-server at movie@ibmpcug.co.uk.  Use "Subject: HELP ADD FULL" 
for information about how to use it.
.\"
.\"  /*******************************************************************\
.\"   * Copyright (C) 1995 Lars J Aas <larsa@colargol.stud.idb.hist.no> *
.\"   * based on documentation by C J Needham <col@imdb.com> 1995,      *
.\"   * permission is granted by the authors to freely distribute       *
.\"   *                        providing no fee of any kind is charged. *
.\"  \*******************************************************************/
.\"
