.\" 3.2
.\"  /*******************************************************************\
.\"   * Copyright (C) 1995 Lars J Aas <larsa@colargol.stud.idb.hist.no> *
.\"   * based on documentation by C J Needham <col@imdb.com> 1995,      *
.\"   * permission is granted by the authors to freely distribute       *
.\"   *                        providing no fee of any kind is charged. *
.\"  \*******************************************************************/
.\"
.TH LGUIDE 1 "10th August 1995" " " "The Internet Movie Database v3.2d"
.SH NAME
lguide \- guide you through a list of movies.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B
lguide -f <filename> [<options>]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This program works like
.B title
except that it takes a list of titles from a file and searches for
information on each one. I find lguide really useful for
generating a little movie guide to accompany the TV schedules for the local 
movie channels. To use the program simply type the titles into a file, one on 
each line and enter:
.br
lguide -f <filename>
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-yr
Adds year of release information.
.TP
.B \-mrr
Adds movie ratings report information.
.TP
.B \-pl
Adds plot summary and formats results.
.TP
.B \-trivia
Add movie trivia, crazy credits, goofs, quotes, soundtrack information,
certificates, color information, countries, genres, production companies
and sound mix.
.TP
.B \-chr
Add character names.
.TP
.B \-aka
Lists any alternative titles.
.TP
.B \-full
Combines all above options.
.SH EVEN MORE OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-i
Case sensitive search.
.SH EXAMPLES
If you have read the manpages for
.BR list (1)
and
.BR title (1)
you don't need any examples.  If you haven't, do it now.
.\" 3.2
.SH FILES
*.list
.br
/home/cn/listdb/versions/v3.3a/moviedb-3.3/dbs/*.data
.br
/home/cn/listdb/versions/v3.3a/moviedb-3.3/dbs/*.names
.br
/home/cn/listdb/versions/v3.3a/moviedb-3.3/dbs/*.index
.br
/home/cn/listdb/versions/v3.3a/moviedb-3.3/dbs/*.key
.br
/home/cn/listdb/versions/v3.3a/moviedb-3.3/dbs/*.titles
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR list (1),
.BR title (1),
.BR listall (1),
.BR lguide (1),
.BR ltrace (1),
.BR lindex (1),
.BR alist (1), 
.BR mkballot (1),
.BR lformat (1)
and
.BR lseen (1).
.SH BUGS
They are features!
.SH AUTHORS
.SS PROGRAMMERS
.PP
Colin Needham                           <cn@ibmpcug.co.uk>
.rj 1
.B most of the programming
.PP
Philippe Queinnec                       <queinnec@dgac.fr>
.rj 1
.B Makefiles
.PP
Lars J Aas               <larsa@colargol.stud.idb.hist.no>
.rj 1
.B some usage-logging code
.PP
Timo Lamminjoki                 <lamminjo@pcu.helsinki.fi>
.rj 1
.B compressed database support
.PP
Mark Harding                            <ccsmh@bath.ac.uk>
.rj 1
.B text justification routines
.SS LIST MAINTAINERS
.PP
Lars J Aas               <larsa@colargol.stud.idb.hist.no>
.rj 2
.B Genres
.B Quotes
.PP
Andre Bernhardt                 <ujad@rz.uni-karlsruhe.de>
.rj 1
.B Producers
.PP
Murray Chapman                        <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au>
.rj 1
.B Trivia
.PP
Michel Hafner                        <hafner@ifi.unizh.ch>
.rj 5
.B Alternative Names
.B Alternative Titles
.B Cinematographers
.B Composers
.B Movies
.PP
Mark Harding                            <ccsmh@bath.ac.uk>
.rj 8
.B Biographies
.B Certificates
.B Color Information
.B Countries
.B Crazy Credits
.B Release Dates
.B Running Times
.B Sound Mix
.PP
Robert Hartill                         <movie@cm.cf.ac.uk>
.rj 3
.B Locations
.B Production Companies
.B Tag Lines
.PP
Ron Higgins                     <rhiggins@carroll1.cc.edu>
.rj 1
.B Soundtracks
.PP
Harald Mayr                       <marvin@bike.augusta.de>
.rj 3
.B Costume Designers
.B Editors
.B Production Designers
.PP
Col Needham                             <cn@ibmpcug.co.uk>
.rj 8
.B Actors
.B Actresses
.B Cast Completion
.B Directors
.B Goofs
.B Misc. Filmography
.B Movie Links
.B Ratings
.PP
Joachim Polzer                 <polzer@zedat.fu-berlin.de>
.rj 2
.B Literature
.B Technical Info
.PP
Jon Reeves                            <reeves@zk3.dec.com>
.rj 1
.B Writers
.PP
Colin Tinto                          <colint@spider.co.uk>
.rj 1
.B Plot Summaries
.SS CONTRIBUTORS
.PP
Lars J Aas               <larsa@colargol.stud.idb.hist.no>
.rj 1
.B UNIX manpages
.PP
Teemu Antti-Poika                <anttipoi@cc.helsinki.fi>
.rj 1
.B LaTeX documentation
.PP
Robert Hartill                         <movie@cm.cf.ac.uk>
.rj 1
.B the script lfetch is based on
.PP
Philippe Queinnec                   <queinnec@enseeiht.fr>
.rj 1
.B imoviedb package (distributed separately)
.PP
 ...and last but not least all of you who send us information either directly
or via the email-server at movie@ibmpcug.co.uk.  Use "Subject: HELP ADD FULL" 
for information about how to use it.
.\"
.\"  /*******************************************************************\
.\"   * Copyright (C) 1995 Lars J Aas <larsa@colargol.stud.idb.hist.no> *
.\"   * based on documentation by C J Needham <col@imdb.com> 1995,      *
.\"   * permission is granted by the authors to freely distribute       *
.\"   *                        providing no fee of any kind is charged. *
.\"  \*******************************************************************/
.\"
